[doc] NetexIDF: fixed calendar specs (#517)
CanalTP/transit_model: src/documentation/netex_idfm_to_ntfs.md

Active dates of the calendar are specified by:
- `DayType` nodes describing the active days of a week

>   + days of the week are listed in `DayType/properties[]/PropertyOfDay/DaysOfWeek` nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + days of the week are listed in `DayType/properties/PropertyOfDay[]/DaysOfWeek` nodes. 
```

    + Expected values MUST be one of `Monday`, `Tuesday`, `Wednesday`, `Thursday`, `Friday`, `Saturday`, `Sunday`.

>   + `DayType/properties` nodes are optionals. You can have a `DayType` node without active days of a week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + `DayType/properties` node is optional, a `DayType` node may not have any active days of a week.
```

- `OperatingPeriod` nodes describing periods (basically a beginning date and an end date) referenced in `DayTypeAssignment`
- `DayTypeAssignment` nodes with 2 possible uses (they are applied in the order they appear in the file):
  + Activate or deactivate a specific day on a DayType (with the nodes `IsAvailable` and `Date`)
    + the node `IsAvailable` is optional. If not present the default value is `true`.
  + Apply the active days of the referenced DayType on an `OperatingPeriod`

All resulting calendars are to be restricted between `ValidBetween/FromDate` and `ValidBetween/ToDate` specified at the top level of the file in `GeneralFrame`.

Active dates are read in the following order:
- dates from operating periods

> - dates added (`DayTypeAssignment/IsAvailble` = true)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- dates added (`DayTypeAssignment/IsAvailable` = true)
```

> - dates removed (`DayTypeAssignment/IsAvailble` = false)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- dates removed (`DayTypeAssignment/IsAvailable` = false)
```
